<h1>Advanced Java - 1 : Concurrency</h1>

1. Create a Thread called <code>Reasoning</code>.  It should be created by inheriting from the Thread class.  Define a void method on the Reasoning class called, <code>distinguish</code>.  In this method, Print out the following statements to the console:
   * print out what the difference is between a thread and a process.  
   * print out what will happen if you invoke the run() method of a thread as opposed to the start() method of a thread. 
   * Execute this distinguish() method as soon as the thread is started. (i.e. in the run() method)
   * Kick off the Reasoning thread in the Main class of the <code>concurrency</code> package.


2. Create a Thread called <code>TeamTC1</code>.  It should be created by <code>implementing</code> the <code>Runnable</code> interface, not be extending the Thread class.  Do the following in this thread : 
   * In the run method of this thread, print out the name of each student in your TA group, (starting with your TA).  
   * There should be a pause of 1 second before each name is printed to the console.
   * The name should then be pushed to a <code>List</code>.  
   * After all the names have been pushed to this List, print out the entire list of all the students in your TA group.   
   * All of these steps should be done whenever the thread is <code>started</code>.  (i.e. it can be done directly in the <code>run()</code> method of the thread itself).  
   * Kick off the thread in the Main class of the <code>concurrency</code> package.  

3. There is a Thread called <code>Sync</code>.  Once the thread is instantiated and started, it generates 100 random numbers and pushes them to a List.  The problem is, when the list is printed out in the <code>main()</code>  method, it shows an empty array.  Write some code that allows the <code>println</code> to display all the random number data generated by the thread.

*******************
<h2>Bonus : </h2>

* For the TeamTC1 thread, 
  * Set the name of the thread to be the name of your TA group that you brainstormed with your group.
  * When you print out the List of members of your TA group, each name should have a different color output in the console.
* For the Sync thread, do the following:
  *  create 5 Sync threads.  
  *  Allow the nums List to be a shared data resource amongst ALL of the threads.  
  *  Protect the List from thread interference using a thread blocking technique, such as synchronization or by using an Atomic data structure.
  *  Prevent the code from using out-dated cached values of the nums list.


## ********************************
## Git Instructions
- [ ] Create a template copy of this repository by clicking : "Use this template"
- [ ] Name the repository the same name as the master template repository.
- [ ] Add your TA as collaborator
- [ ] Clone YOUR repo to your local computer
- [ ] Create a new branch: git checkout -b `<firstName-lastName>`.
- [ ] Implement the project on your newly created `<firstName-lastName>` branch, committing changes regularly.
- [ ] Push commits: git push origin `<firstName-lastName>`.
## ********************************************************
<h2>TEKacademy Submission: </h2>
<h3>When you're finished completing the exercises:</h3>

- [ ] Submit the exercise in the [TEKacademy portal](https://bit.ly/TEKacademy)
  
- [ ] Download & Complete the [Exercise Evaluation Form](https://bit.ly/TEKacademy)
  
- [ ] Upload the form in [TEKacademy](https://bit.ly/TEKacademy)